docs: fix app-config merging strategy note (#26564)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/3.app-config.md

This strategy is implemented using a [Function Merger](https://github.com/unjs/defu#function-merger), which allows defining a custom merging strategy for every key in `app.config` that has an array as value.

::note

> The Function Merger should not be used in the default `app.config` of your application.

Reviewer: It means it shall used in layers (not main project `app.vue`).

Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
The function merger can only be used in the extended layers and not the main `app.config` in project.
```

Author: Yes, sounds more clear 👍
